In this sample I will explain how to use Istari Digital to catalog, and store data, version history and the like in a system, how to use Istari with other tools and ways that Istari can help you. For this tutorial there will be several resources you need to download, namely everything in this zip(add in later).

The first thing that you will learn how to do is make a system. To do this is a very simple task all you need to do is go into Istari, and on the very left hand side you should see a column with a few different icons on it for varying features. If you hover over the icon that looks similar to a family tree you will find that it says systems. Click it! Once you have done that there should be a button in the top tight corner underneath the notational bar that says create. Click it! Then name your system (preferably something like Gandalf-glider because that is what we are working on), add a description and then press the create button. Done! You now have an Istari system.

Next I will explain how to actually add a file to said system. First make sure you have the files that you want to download (linked here). The files I gave you are the files for the Gandalf zip. Press the + icon in the bar that says system. Then select a file and upload it. Now you have a file!

Now moving onto versioning. First you need to select a file. To version a file you need to go over to the right most + button next to versions, and select it. Then select a file and upload it now you have versioned a file. As you can see there is very little that is needed to do to use Istari digital very effectively.

Next we will discuss how to run a job. If you click on a Model file a button that says "+ create job" should appear in the top right of the middle display. Click on it and you will see a menu with a drop down that says select a tool/function. From there you can click on one of the many functions.
